on our part we feel
excited to come see the work
what are we doing here in celaya
Guanajuato because things that we do
a good job the Mexicans also
they open the doors to young people more
that nothing in the name of the clear government of
the republic I really congratulate you or
trust mexico for having full
confidence in the development of our
country and in the opportunities and advantages
objective that Mexico offers to all
investors are hiring
young and it's an opportunity for all
the almerienses and good when the truth
a lot of knowledge this much momentum to
all young people like us and
job opportunities for the region
because we have trained human capital
prepared trained and with skills that
have shown to the world
that are really competitive
very good because currently they give
the opportunity for young people as well as the
Most of us here is very well
that we open doors to companies so
great as it is and we are seeing what
which is the real thing that there is support from
of the government when to tip quarters
mexico boost the economy
regional and the national economy
Guanajuato meets Mexico by opening
more and better opportunities for progress
for all our families, I'm going to
grow in my benefit be my family what
which is a city is more than anything
achieve my dreams that I have my goals
because of the government that is investing and
so that we can give young people a future
If you are thinking about us, I wish you
the greatest of successes and that investments
as they have done in this plant
multiply generate benefits for
our country and also be successful for
this company many congratulations